okay welcome back this is part 20 of my
how to build a community site tutorial
series and in the last video what we did
is I showed you how to get the latest
users that have registered and have
activated their accounts and display
them now what we're going to do is we're
going to kind of style it a little bit
but it's not going to be too much
because I still haven't really decided
how I want it to look in the end but
just something to get us started now the
first thing you want to do you want to
go to your main dot CSS file and what
I'm going to do is I'm going to copy
this and the reason I'm copying this is
because we're going to create a class
and for now I'm Jenna called box for
lack of a better name and this class is
only going to be valid inside of our
left content so anytime we have the box
class and it's inside of our left
content area it's going to have its
going to have this style to it now
inside of our box we're going to have a
top area and we're going to have a
bottom area so we're going to create a
top and bottom class now our top area is
going to contain our text for now right
now it's the latest registered users
should say users but that's on that move
it and for now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to change the font size to I
guess I'll go with 20 pixels I am also
going to set a color and I have the
color chosen out already here on color
picker calm it's kind of this reddish
color actually I went a little bit like
that there we go so put that in and
and I'm also going to put a font weight
and it's about weight throwing right
that matter or font there we go so I'm
going to put a font weight of bold so
what it's going to do is just going to
make all the text inside of our top area
it's just going to make it bold now for
now in our bottom area i'm just going to
put a left margin of man i can't spell
i'm going to put a left margin margin
dash left of about twenty pixels so what
that's going to do is you're going to
indent our content now what we need to
do is we need to put in the class styles
for the page i'm spelling everything
wrong so the first class style is our
box now inside of our box we're going to
have we're going to have our top class
there we go and we can get rid of this
line break and just change it to an end
do and we are also going to have our
bottom class now we also need to end our
top our box class in our bottom class so
after our while loop ends and we put in
another echo statement and the only
thing that echo statement is going to
contain is to end divs just like that so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
pause it i'm just going to ftp the files
up
styles and grab the CSS file okay there
we go so give me a second there we go so
if i refresh the page you can see we now
have this red text which I'm probably
going to change that red will change the
color anyway so we have our text colored
and then we have our links and they
don't actually go anywhere because we
should put them as a pound symbol so
it's displaying our latest users and you
can see we've got this 20 pixel margin
left margin for our bottom class and so
that's kind of indenting the text so it
makes it look a little bit nicer now
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
pause the video and I'm just got decide
on what color I want okay so I sort of
decided more on a color and it's still a
reddish color it's darker and I forgot
to change that to users there we go so
that pretty much ends this video short
segment on how to display the latest
users that have registered for your site
and now eventually once we create the
user profile page this will link off to
their profile page and I'll show you how
to do that but for now that's about it
and I'm off screen here cuz I'm an ftp
that index file up so what we're going
to start on next in the next video is
I'm willing to show you and this is a
user requested thing there we go
somebody requested I believe his name
was Beck sis 101 or something like that
sorry man if I'm getting your name wrong
but I believe that was his name and he
thought he said that he would like to
see a user-driven or member-driven
download upload section which I thought
would be kind of nice so what it's going
to do is it's going to allow users that
are logged in they'll be able to view a
download page that our list all the
downloads that people have uploaded and
will display various information with it
and but you must be logged in to view
that page so we're going to put in
protection and so only logged in users
will be able to see that and we're also
going to make it so anyone that's logged
in we'll be able to upload to a to my
site or your site or whatever they'll be
able to upload to the site and then
it'll automatically does it be displayed
in that on that download page and
eventually will also get into make it so
you can go back and edit those files and
the information with it now haven't
decided how I'm going to do the upload
whether I do a PHP upload which I
probably won't do because there's a
limit on that and I'll explain that
later or I might do javascript jquery
upload or maybe flash I don't know
though it'll probably be javascript
jquery which i probably won't code that
out i'll just give you the code for it
mulco to the video so yeah so that
concludes this segment on how to display
the latest registered users on your site
so thanks for watching ok actually so
scratch what i just said about the user
upload download section i will
eventually get to that but i think what
i'm going to actually do next is I'm
going to work on the user profile page
so each user is going to have their own
profile page and i'll show you how to do
that because a lot of people have
requested that before from my login
registration tutorial so i think i'll do
that first and and so yeah so that's
going to be next i'm going to do a user
profile page and then after the profile
page make it so users can go in and edit
their own information and add new
information whatnot so yeah